= Mail Checker Minus =
The fast way to inbox zero, because that's a thing now.

(This is a fork of Anders Sahlin's "Mail Checker Plus for Google Mail™")

== Features ==
* Mail preview window, read mail without leaving the current tab
* Delete, archive, spam, star and mark as read functionality
* Desktop and sound notifications when new mail arrives
* Support for multiple Google and Google Apps accounts
* Mailto-links open in your Gmail or Google Apps Mail account
* Monitor all your labels or priority inbox
* Translated to over 60 languages!
* More than 10 different icon sets, choose your favorite!

This claim is currently being verified, but according to the original author:

This extension requires elevated permissions because of the content script that parses mailto-links. It does NOT in ANY WAY monitor private data in your browser!

This extension is in no way affiliated with Google.

== Copyright ==
* Copyright Andrew LeCody 2011
* Original Copyright [mailto:malakeen@gmail.com Anders Sahlin] 2011

== License ==
[http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html GPLv3]

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/
